So. One million debt and tax free. And then I can make a decision on whether to give in and give up.
So how am I going to do that?
I should do it without risk. I should do it without consideration for anything but my own motivation, apart from considerations about fun and so forth. You know what would be fun? Making money. That would be fun. So make sure it is profitable from the beginning, with room to grow.
And how do you do that? How do you make money from the beginning without much risk? You go to medical school and do well. You go into a professional field that is difficult with high starting salaries. And then you do a good job and then you move on to a higher job in two or three years. And you keep moving up the ladder.
And you let people know what's up: you aren't necessarily interested in staying on for a career. You are interested in doign a great job.
So there's that. There's moving up the career ladder. Until you are making $200k a year, and you can save up over ten years and you are a millionaire.
That's not a difficult thing to do. I could move into a 80-90k job right now. That's a 20k increase in my salary. That's almost $2k a month more. And then in three years, I move on to $120k a year. Then in three years, $150k a year. That's six years. Ten more, and that's sixteen years. And I'm 50. And John Paul is 21. And Leo is 19.
That's one path. But that's not the path to a million dollars in ten years. That's a path to a half million, maybe, in sixteen years.
Because I started at 30 instead of 21. 
So. A professional move into making a ton of money -- like my parents did, that takes me to fifty years old making a pile of cash. But that doesn't give me a million. And I'm not going to wait sixteen years.
So what are my other choices?
If I'm not moving up the professional ladder, then I have a business or an invention.
And invention is risky. That includes games, books, art, web apps, etc. Invention is very difficult, very random, and is saturated with people looking for the big win. That's where I've been for a long time. It's certainly possible. If you put it ten years of work into it, certainly. Ten years of writing. Ten years of game design. Ten years of whatever. But it is risky even so. And you have to have output. If you don't have output, there's no chance.
And motivation? It is hard to work for free for ten years on a bet.
So that leaves business. Which is what? Getting in between people's money. Middleman. Platforms. It is going to where the money already is, and getting a slice of it, and then getting a bigger slice, and then a bigger slice, until the slices start compounding and you have a million dollar business. A conventional slow-and-steady growth business. 
Not a startup. A bootstrapped business that is profitable with customer number One.
So you take a cut of money people are already making. You don't make the inventions. You capitalize on them. Business is the buying and selling of beans. And for a business to really thrive, it includes the buying and selling of labor -- the great leverage.
Paypal. Ebay. Amazon. These businesses don't make anything themselves. They are buying and selling beans, or taking a cut of other people buying and selling beans.
So. With you technical ability, you can buy and sell beans online too. The key is to find a niche and follow through on it. Find a high demand product that is being sold, and find a way to get in the middle of that demand and supply. Find middlemen who are fat and happy and old -- who have their million and have already quit, and have no interest in holding on with any real effort. They've already made it.
You start by making a small profit -- undercutting them. Then, you start making software to increase your efficiency, because they will cut middleman costs as well. And finally, if you are more efficient than them -- and you will be, because you are smaller and leaner and more ambitious, they will no longer be able to provide as good of a service for as good of a price, and you will have an influx of consumers.
The only thing that should interest you is the possibility of making money. The possibility of grabbing a customer and getting money from them. That's it.
This isn't about finding a new market. This is about finding a market that already exists and killing it. There is no creativity here. There is no product you are selling. There is only being smarter and faster and more efficient, and being ruthless. It is about putting someone out of business.
So the question is: who to put out of business? And it shouldn't start with software. Software comes into play when you need to be more efficient. I've been so fixated on making software that it is hard for me to know what to do.
A brick and mortar business is as conventional as you can get. But look deeper: look at the beans. Where beans are being bought and sold? Where are people having the most trouble buying or selling their beans? What companies are the middlemen, gouging both buyer and seller with a marketplace for beans that doesn't work well at all?
Credit Cards?
It's really high interest rates. And there is a lot of overhead with paying and such... it is hard to do. You need capital for loans. Yes, banking is a great category. It is the ultimate way to make money. But move o
Hey, it didn't save!
Too bad. I guess I should have saved it. 
Oh, I guess it did save, I just didn't remember where I was.
So Joel thinks I should have a web development business. I could work as a freelancer to build up a client base then hire people and then I'm in the bunsiness of buying and selling web-tech labor. Then I start a school and train people and gobble them up with terrible contracts?
There's that side to business. The wing-breaking side.
I don't know if I can live with myself, honestly. To be 