I've always been a sentimental girl. It's not a side of myself I like--this frivolous side, this so-called girly side.

Tavi Gevinson, who is so precocious her sheer youth hurts my feelings, is particularly brilliant for her ability to understand the phases of her life as she passes through them. Wisdom crafted live. Insight on the fly. On teenagedom, she writes:

There is no shortage of evidence for this obsession with forever, this dreamy insistence that the fog of adolescence extends into eternity. See Twilight, see The Fault in Our Stars, see Tumblr's obsession with galaxies, see that infernal "I swear we were infinite" quote from Perks of Being a Wallflower, see Ophelia, see Romeo and Juliet. Because the best way to ensure you never grow up is to die young--see Peter Pan and the lost boys. See Peter Pan syndrome. See "the puer" section of How Should a Person Be, by the fully grown-up Sheila Heti. 

I had this weird little cancer scare senior spring. It wasn't a big deal, was far less severe than what friends of mine went through. Breastcapades, they were dubbed. But the timing was poignant, for which I was grateful; the timing could not have been better, in fact, because although I always could use a reminder of the urgency of our situation, senior spring in college was a particularly langorous 



dear chris-

nice, eh? I tried to tie them in bunches for easy release. don't want to make you late for work. 

jeremy walked home with this sour-sweet feeling all the way. you remember warheads? that was the taste in his mouth. it'd be years before this feeling darkened into a bitter, burnt taste, before rejection tasted like ashes, like something scraped from the top of a microwave









Dear Michael-

Are you sick of these? Me too. Last one. I've made it a personal habit, as you know, to always say everything on my mind. It's a source of relief, even when it's a source of humiliation or something near it. People are always surprised that I end up performing so many dramatic gestures of love (or something near it)--sending tubs of ice cream from Texas to San Francisco, chalking up blocks and blocks with Rod Stewart lyrics, driving across LA at 3 AM to tie a hundred orange balloons to the motorcycle of a guy who won't return my texts. I guess (to flatter myself) they don't think I'd have to do these things, to get laid, to get love, to get gratification of any kind, but the thing is, I do, because 1. there is a peculiar power in total vulnerability and complete self-disclosure that I have come to like

because 1. I love the cinematic, and I don't like waiting around for men, who will probably fuck it up anyway, to create it 2. there's some amazing Faulkner line I can't quite forget or remember, arguing that there's actually nothing undignified about knowing who you want and refusing to settle for less, and 3. there is a peculiar power in total vulnerability and complete self-disclosure that I have come to like. Why live as honestly as possible? I like the idea that even when my life is not as big as I want it to be, what I do have is iron-clad. You can't come after me. You can't have anything on me. The people that love me, love me. There's nothing you can say to them that I haven't already revealed. To be really known--to be loved, or hated, for the right reasons. 

There's this F. Scott Fitzgerald quote that I love (it's unfortunate, because this is one of those quotes that also gets passed around Tumblr and Thoughtcatalog and whatnot to no end). He's writing a letter to a friend who does not approve of his relationship with Zelda, who he goes on to marry, and love passionately for his whole life, even though she's unstable and has to be institutionalized and the two of them almost certainly have moments where they really hate each other. He writes: "I fell in love with her courage, her sincerity, and her flaming self-respect. And it's these things I'd believe in, even if the whole world indulged in wild suspicions that she wasn't all she should be. I love her and it is the beginning of everything."

The right reasons, you see? 

I've never actually been all that worried that I won't meet the man who would write such things about me. I've always figured that the hard part is possessing those qualities that are worthy of a great love, and then secondarily, recognizing that you do possess them. I'm sure, one way or another, that that will be enough. It's why I'm so convinced of the whole future-husband-coming-to