So what then, where do I go from here?
Intresting app, that is for sure. It never caught on though. I don't even use it. Well, I will, if I ever start writing again.
Last night. woah. That was intense. But on some levels, not. It was weird. So weird. Yeah, weird. I wish A would send me texts like that. Lol.
I don't really feel the Lol when I say it.
My little boy just woke up.
What I really need is to get my life on track.
Which means?
It means virtue.
It means finding God again.
But where is God?
God is absent. Or dead. Not sure what happened to him.
But Jesus isn't God. Never really claimed to be God in the sense that we know God to be. Claimed to be Son of God. And that made him equal enough for us.
But who is God? 
I mean, there has to be a God, right? Something has to be infinite, eternal...
And when you hit infinite and eternal, you hit God.
The fact that God isn't here yet, means that it hasn't happened, or that God died.
Or that we are God.
But in that sense, God killed himself — made a game for himself in which he doesn't even know he's playing.
That's ridiculous. Far fetched. But that's what I'm playing with at the moment.
I guess it might be true in some weird way. I don't know.
I don't think I will ever know.
But I'm wondering if I wil continue to be conscious for et
###
I waste far too much time on fighting with Angela. There's absolutely no reason I should be fighting so much with her, giving in to her vampiric emotional outbursts! Emotional vampires! ;) But regardless. I can act. Just like in the Army. I was in a tense stressful situation. I can act. I don't have to put on an accent, and I don't have to put on a fake smile, although that would help: to smile, at least gently. As long as I put on a great act, I think I can get what I want from her.
Kill her with fake kindness. Totally dominate and destroy her with kindness that is straight from the head, not from the heart. Because I absolutely fucking hate her fucking guts. She is stupid, weak, mean, selfish, etc, etc.
Doesn't matter. You have to act like she is smart, strong, kind, generous, beautiful.
Act as if she's the princess. It might help to call her princess. Why waste your precious emotional energy on her? There's absolutely no reason. Kill her with kindness.
Not kill her.
Defeat her with unflappable kindness, armed with deep anger and disrespect. Underneath the kindness, I need not care one bit about lying, about manipulating her, about getting what I want by hook or crook.
It is all a veneer.
But I have to act. I can't let the anger show through. I can feel the anger, right? But I have to put on the greatest act ever.
I can do that. I really can.
Act as if you totally adore her, and think she's perfect, just a little princess.
I can do this. It is fake. I don't love her. I hate her. 
But I can fake loving her deeply, right? And the catch? I'm manipulating her to get what I want. I don't need to hold to promises. I don't need to worry about lying. I can lie and cheat and steal and manipulate her emotions, whatever I need to get what I want out of her.
I just have to put on my acting face. It's actually a great opportunity! And if it calms my emotions down, great. Just don't forget how much you hate her, when you are in the grip of your fake emotions, right? Because when you're acting, you often really do feel what you are pretending to feel. That's the heart of great acting, right?
Anyway, the P is terrible.









####

Virtual Reality. There's a lot of applications. Communication. Entertainment. Education.
Does education belong with communication? Does it belong as its own category? Not totally sure.
Extrapolate, and get there first.
CV1 is going to require some good hardware. Oculus will make recomendations. Hardware manufactureres will label their machines Oculus-ready. But will they build especially for Oculus? Probably not. What would a special oculus system look like anyway?
Mission. What would a good mission for a VR company look like that wasn't already the mission of Oculus?
Narrower.
Making VR available to those without high-end equipment.
VR-Rentals? VR-Arcade? VR-Mobile stations? Blah.
The focus on Entertainment, Communication, and Education is a good one. First, it is software and user based, which is a huge advantage over hardware. There is less capital involved: mostly time. That's also a disadvantage, because of competitors.
The great question is whether everyone is going to get super fast hardware to run super awesome VR?
What if you could stream it over the internet? Latency would be too much of an issue?
The refresh rate is going to require very high frame rates. That requires a good computer. Not just a good computer. A crazy good computer. People are going to want to buy CV1... no, the people who want to buy CV1 are going to be ok with shelling out money for a graphics card too. Not a big deal.
But that means that the initial market is going to be heavily restricted to gaming. Just as Oculus says. Communication is always limited to critical mass of people. Do gamers want to communicate with gamers? Only in the sense of games. 
There will certainly be other applications, but gaming will rule initially. 
Oculus is taking the Nintendo route. That means first-party content, which might mean that small firms are goignt o be pushed out. They certainly will in terms of games.
But games aren't where VR will make its biggest impact.
VR's biggest impact will be:
Communication.
Entertainment.
Education.
The problem with software is that someone else can build a better piece of software.
What you want is a platform that software is written upon. Netscape didn't create HTML, but it monopolized the internet as a platform. The internet had many different protocols: ftp, gopher, usenet, the world wide web.
There needs to be another platform that allows for VR content creation. The difficulty with VR content is that it is 3d, visuals, not text like html. It isn't informational. It is experiential.
That makes it very hard for normal people to use. Because how do you create an experience?
It's not as if HTML was for amateurs. It took a lot of talent, back then, to put something up that was useful.
So, simple experiences. Simple useful experiences. With scripting involved.
What kind of useful experiences?
An API of sorts for experiences.
If people can build experiences, then there's no limit to VR's capabilities.
Do experiences need to be photorealistic? It had better not. Eventually, of course.
Our current crop of technologies is ridiculous: Unity, Unreal... these are game engines. These are not experience engines. These are not experience interpreters either.

The real platform will offer both a way to provide experience. It is an experience-generator and experience-provider.
VR-content creation.
Minecraft style?
There's going to be something insanely cool about creating worlds in real-time, in front of you.
Voxels dont provide an experience. What provides an experience?
Characters. Plot. Story.
That's your interest in story coming through.
You don't need characters for an experience.
You need an environment.
You need actors.
You need interaction.
This is a game, right? 
It's something different.
Mission. Remember the mission.
Entertainment. Communication. Education.

I keep coming back to education.
Yes, a platform for experiences. But how about education experiences? That gives a focus. And once you provide the platform, people provide the content. And then you've got users and content, and you are entrenched. You have buy-in.
But education will not be the primary initial role of the CV1. Entertainment will. So why not provide a platform for entertainment experiences?
Ah. Experiences need not be solitary. The best ones aren't. Experiences ought to be social. Entertainment experiences ought to be social.
So you might be able to make a platform that generates social experiences. That wouldn't require high-end graphics cards and understanding of complicated 3d-engines. That would only require an understanding of how people work together as a team toward a common goal or something.
Education experiences woudl be pretty dumb, if all they did was recreate slideshows and classrooms. Education works best as a medium of socratic communication and real life experience. Better yet, with field trips. There's no real reason to be in a classroom, right? Every educational experience ought to be a field-trip of some sort. We are visual learners, after all.
But that requires content?
Unless you use your imagination? Imagine that, VR with an imagination? Voxels won't work, that's for sure.
If you are going to take a field trip, you want to actually be there, you know?
3d models are vital. But they are hard to come by!
Look, if people can put together slide shows, they can put together 3d scenes. Especially if... 
1) Educational experiences
2) Social experiences
2 comes into the communications part. And we're seeing it already a lot, with Riftmax and VR Chat and so forth.
Mission. Not just to provide experiences. To provide life-changing experiences that bring more goodness into your life, and into the world
VR will provide 'presence'. Really believing you are somewhere else. Moreover, it is interactive. Screens don't provide that kind of engagement. Although e-learning has taken off quite a bit. It still hasn't taken off for basic education. Or has it?
Ok. Videos. Boring. PLEASE. I don't want to hear people lecture, and show me images, and give me text.
I want to explore and discover.
You will never forget a live presentation that demonstrates the principles of a lesson directly. We learn hands-on.
The question becomes: how to provide that kind of experience? What are we aiming toward?
Mission: to replace schools and universities with virtual education.
Simple scripts could give locations and objects. Change location, change objects.
Location could be various things: geo coordinates with Google, a 3d scene exported from a 3d modeling program, a procedurally generated scene, etc. Lots of choices, really.
Scripts could include placement of objects, whether the person could move, etc.
It would need to include audio.
Would there be social aspects of this? Or would the education be solo? I think it would absolute have to be social. There would need to be that for people to learn about things together.
This is a huge field.
The goal is a platform.
No, that's the method. A platform.
The goal? The mission? Replace schools with virtual learning. VL.
I'm on the right course, even with the name: propero, acceleration. Accelerated learning. Real learning.
Where would you start?
College campuses.
College courses.
Simple stuff: if you make it visual, you will remember and understand it better. Make movement easy and simple, along a rail of sorts.
There's a lot lot lot to this. But your first course? Who knows. Does it matter? Yeah. What features does it have to begin with?
To begin with, you create a tool to help you make an educational experience. That's it. You pick out an interesting educational subject that most people will be intereted in.
Space. Cosmos. That kind of thing.
It might just generate a javascript file and create a file directory structure? That'd be easier.
###
To begin with, you need a mission. A crystal clear mission. Then you need a bottom-line. Generate ideas toward that bottom-line and mission. Nothing else.
Mission.
Life-changing experiences.
To provide virtual reality experiences that educate in a really awesome amazing way... life changing ways. You go through these experiences, and you come out changed. How? On fire for life? On fire for learning?
This is education after all.
Education. What's the point? To give you knowledge and reason. To improve your ability to reason, and give you enough sound premises and sound knowledge to deal with teh world in an effective way.
An effective way?
To convince you of the power of truth, and to set you on a quest to discover truth. To show you how intelligent you can be. To draw out of your a passion for solving the worlds problems.
That's the big one: solving problems. Life is full of problems. They need solving. The skills required for solving problems are immense. Education tackles on a subset of those problems: unrelated to character, to spirit. Education focuses on the mind alone. Although some schools also try to channel that focus, to make you into a better human being: a man for others.
Virtue. To mold excellent human beings. Education properly belongs to Wisdom. To knowledge. To reason. To mind.
Experience gives all those things. Experience teaches us so much, if we live through the right experiences. If we reflect on those experiences. If we gain something from them. Experience is part of the equation. Knowledge is part of the equation. Reflection is a big part of the equation.  Teach. Do. Reflect. Learn. Do. Reflect. Repeat.
All to what purpose? What is the vision? What is the mission? The mission is to achieve the vision.
And so?
The most highly educated men and women to ever walk upon this earth. They have what none of us could ever have had: a wealth of precious experiences that molded them into an awe-inspiration combination of brilliance and wisdom. And this isn't just a lofty intelligence. This is a hard-won common-sense problem-solving intelligence. A practical intelligence, driven to solve the world's hardest problems.
The greatest education available on earth, ever.
The greatest education ever.
To provide the greatest education available anywhere at anytime.
The vision? The product are superheroes of mind and soul. Wise beyond their years. Brilliant. Forged for battling the world's greatest problems.
Hardware for VR will come and go. Software will come and go. But a platform for education. A software platform that will allow the creation of educational experiences: that will continue on and on, getting better and better.
Vision? 
Every child in every country using VR to become highly educated at an affordable pric. Yes. That will change the world for the far far far better.
Vision? In twenty years, every student uses VR as his primary educational tool.
In VR, a student learns more in one month than they used to learn in one year. Bringing Moore's law to bear on education. My God. What power that will unleash. To bring technology into education, finally.
Experiential Education.
Exponential Experiental Education.
A student will experience a great quality and quantity of education.
A student will experience and exponentially greater quality and quantity of education using Virtual Reality, growing more in one month than they previously grew in one year.
growing intellectually and spiritually.
That's a great vision.
A student will experience more education; a student will experience better education. 
A student will experience better education faster, achieving exponentially greater intellectual growth.
Is faster the right word? Is better the right word? A higher amount of an education of a higher quality. A student will achive an exponentially greater intellectual growth by experiencing a higher amount of education at a higher quality than every before.
A student will grow faster intellectually by experiencing a greater amount of higher quality education.
Students will achieve exponentially more growth by experiencing a greater amount of higher quality education. Where's the VR? ;)
By means of an affordable and ubiquitious virtual reality educational platform, students world-wide will achieve exponentially more growth by experiencing a greater amount of higher quality education.